Subordinate Long Wu meets the people-friendly lord
Why is this?
Report to the people
I went to Qinzhou on the order of the Dragon Lord as a saint
Gu Lao congratulates
Unexpectedly, he was arrested and pretended to be my master
Trying to make waves
Subvert Qinzhou to defend the power of the Dragon Palace
had to
You mean?
You want to take action against him
Yes
Qingming Dragon General
I am Ye Aoyun, the young master of Tangyun Chamber of Commerce
I can testify for Brother Long
If he hadn't made a righteous move today
I'm afraid this dinner tonight
And all of you.
Will be played by this thief with applause
Qingming Dragon General
Rumor has it that it is the shadow of the Dragon Lord
Now the Qingming Dragon will appear in the Triumph Cloud Pavilion
Then the dragon master is also here
Did you hear that?
The dragon master and son-in-law are also in Triumph Yunting
Here's your chance again.
Maybe he came long ago.
Always by our side
Lord Qingming
What are you waiting for?
Idiot, who are these 4 gifts for?
Unknown thing
Do you know who lost the thank you banquet tonight?
For whom?
Subordinate Qingming visit Dragon Ball
Meet Dragon Ball